the first thing you need to do of course
is to clean them this is a very
laborious job but it's a lovely job I've
taken off all of the claws here on the
body itself I'm taking out here a little
flap from underneath the next thing we
can do is remove this central body from
the outer shell quite often you'll find
there's a lot of water collecting in
this shell
if so pour that away you don't want it
but you can see already we have a little
bit of brown crabmeat and I'm going to
pop that in here because what I've done
with some of this brown crabmeat I've
actually pushed it through a sieve just
like that so it's going to be beautiful
and smooth this little piece of shell
underneath that is something we call the
intestine sack well I don't even like
the sound of it let alone wanting to eat
it so you just have to apply a bit of
pressure like that and then you can tear
that out and lift it away very simply
and now of course in here there's all
kinds of bits and pieces that can be
just scraped out this is going to become
your plate to your bowl we're going to
serve the finished dish back in the
shell this piece is very important
because something else you get on all of
the crabs are these the dead man's
fingers you certainly don't want to be
eating them now back on to the brown
meat because look what we've got here
sitting in the center let's just take it
all of that it's just take the knife and
cut through the center you can see
already white meat you can of course
just take a little teaspoon just
scraping out beautiful white crab meat
I'm now going to harp that again and now
for the claws what I'm going to do first
of all break that off into sort of three
sections now something else I'm going to
do as I crack these I'm going to also be
breaking them down now this is where the
crab meat is really nice and white as
the shells that are going to help us
create a really delicious sauce to go
with the dish almost like making a crab
be sort of styled sauce now just one
other thing to remember the white crab
meat itself just give it a little
check through just making sure now
there's a little splinter that already
got through so that's the kind of thing
we don't really want to be eating at the
same time it just nicely tears that down
it gives you these lovely strands of
white crab meat so we've got the white
crab meat brown crab meat is ready now
onto the sauce in a tablespoon of olive
oil gently cook a crushed clove of
garlic with one head of fennel one
carrot and one onion which have all been
diced add the chopped crab claws and
legs along with two thin strips of
orange peel cook for a few minutes
before adding four chopped tomatoes and
a couple of sprigs of tarragon
after a few more minutes and a glass of
white wine bring to the boil and reduce
by two-thirds add the juice of two
oranges returning to the boil and
reducing a game by two-thirds as an
optional extra add a pinch of saffron
now add 300 milliliters of water
bring to the simmer cooking for 10
minutes before seasoning